DSA - Assignment 2
Sale Management System
using Binary Search Tree data structure
INTRODUCTION
Your second assignment in this block will be using binary search tree data struture for implementing a small Sale Management System  (SMS) in Java language. 
SMS manages information about products, customers and product ordering items. These information are:
About a product:

pcode (string): the code of the product (this is the key of the tree and thus should be unique).
pro_name (string): the name of the product.
quantity (integer): the number of  products with the same code in a shop at beginning of a day.
saled (integer): the number of  products with the same code, which are saled in the day. Condition: saled ≤ quantity.
price (double): The price of the product.
About a customer:

ccode (string): the code of the customer (this should be unique for the customer).
cus_name (string): the name of the customer.
phone (string): The phone number of the customer (must contain digits only).
About ordering:

pcode (string): the code of the product to be ordered.
ccode (string): the code of the customer.
quantity (integer): the number of  ordered products.
YOUR TASKS
You should use 1 binary search tree to store data for products and 2 linked lists, each one is used to store data for customers or ordering items. You should create the data structures from scratch, do not use structures available in java.
On running, your program displays the menu as below:

Products (8 marks) (using Binary Search  Tree data structure, where bcode is the key of the tree):
1.1.      Load data from file
1.2.      Input & insert data
1.3.      In-order traverse
1.4.      Breadth-first traverse
1.5.      In-order traverse to file
1.6.      Search by pcode
1.7.      Delete by pcode by copying
1.8.      Simply balancing
1.9.      Count number of products

Customer list (1 mark):
2.1.      Load data from file
2.2.      Input & add to the end
2.3.      Display data
2.4.      Save customer list to file
2.5.      Search by ccode
2.6.      Delete by ccode

Order list (1 mark):
3.1.      Input data
3.2.      Display ordering data
3.3.      Sort  by pcode + ccode

    
Submission Requirements
Create the directory with a name like <class>-<name><roll number>-ASS1, e.g.
            SE0508-QuangTV00456-AS1                        (1)
The (1) directory contains the following files:

The run.bat  file to run your program.
Your source code files.
Your input test files.
The statements in run.bat file may be:
cls
javac Main.java
java Main
pause
del *.class

Compress the folder   (1)  to .zip (or .rar) file (with the same name) and upload to cms.

Assignment assessment
You will be asked to modify immediately and to explain your assignment in lab room to be sure that you are really the author  of the assignment you submitted.

 